Sir Ababol Remastered Edition NES
by The Mojon Twins

Story
At the end of the 11th Century, a young crusader named Sir Ababol from Manchester City traveled accross the ever green prairies in the French Britain, 
climbed the infinite heights at the Pirineos and arrived to the Alcoraz River. There, he witnessed completely astonished how St. George from Capadocia, 
also known as “the dragon guy”, helped Christians conquer territories held by the infidels.
He became so perplexed about such an apparition that he stumbled over a rock and fell down on his ass over a big fat ball of spikes, which made him jump accross 
the air and fall in the river which carried him to the Monegros’ Desert.
There he awoke whilst a shep licked his right cheek and he realised that he hath lost his mighty sword, without which he couldn’t continue his journey accross 
the world. Decided to get accross something, he went accross a lucence-sown field to ask a good farmer if he hath seen his sword. 
The good fella of incredibly populated frown just pointed in direction of a piece of land full of wild ababol flowers.
What those red flowers which cointidentially were called like him were? Did it have to do with destiny? 
Since when the Alcoraz River flows into the Monegros’ Desert? Why St. Marta has a train station but not a tram line? 
How do I get to Jerusalem?... Too many questions gathered in his head, so he wiped them all out with a big sneeze and headed to the land full of ababol flowers.
Since this very moment his fate is on your fingertips. Drive him accross the monegrian fields helping him collect the strange ababol flowers and regain his sword 
for him to be able to keep journeying to Jerusalem. Amen. Jesus.

The Game
Control Sir Ababol accross the Monegrian fields and gather 24 ababol flowers. To be able to progress in your journey you’ll need some keys you will be able to use to 
open several doors to gain access to different sections. You can jump on the baddies to get rid of them, too. Be patient, think before you jump, and you’ll be successful!

Controls
Use LEFT and RIGHT in the control pad to move. Press A or B to jump. Press START to pause.

http://www.mojontwins.com/juegos_mojonos/sir-ababol-remastered-edition-nes/