Super Uwol
2015-2016 - NES

The Game

Uwol enjoys a quiet retirement at his cozy house in the beach of Pepinoni (province of Badajoz), so he doesn’t realize that somebody has stolen all his money from the bank. Luckly, his good ol’ friend Meemaid, the evil sorceress-turned-super heroine learned about the incident as she was using the ATM in the very moment the bank was being robbed.

That’s why they decide to head back over to the new and refurnished Storm Palace to regain the lost fortune. But it won’t be easy… the new basement is deep and full of dark corners. Besides, the intrincate disposition of rooms makes it easy to get lost and walk in circles. And that’s what happened: Uwol and Meemaid got lost and reached in the deepest side of the labyrinth – where Vampy, Franky, Fanty and Wolfy, plus the death murderer and the children’s favourite Cthulhy dwell. So you may guess it won’t be an easy task to escape with the money!
How to play

1. 1 Player: Control Uwol and help him to reach his goal!
2. 2 Players: Call a friend and control both Uwol and Meemaid to finish levels in cooperative mode!
3. Vs. Mode: Uwol and Meemaid compete for the coins. The winner in each level will score a point.

In modes 1 and 2, two exit pads will appear at the bottom of the screen when every coin has been collected, so you can choose your path across the pyramid. Stand over either of them and press DOWN to activate. If you are playing the co-op 2 players mode, either Uwol or Meemaid can choose the path.

When the time is up, Fanty will appear. Avoid it at all costs! In two player modes it will pursue the player who has collected the most coins.

If a baddie touches you, you will lose your clothes. You can regain them by collecting a t-shirt which will appear somewhere in the screen. In co-op 2 players mode, an already dressed player can’t pick up a new t-shirt, and if the two players lose their clothes two t-shirts will appear. In vs. mode, any player can get the t-shirt even if they don’t need it to harm the opponent.
Controls

D-PAD: movement
A: Jump
DOWN: select door


CRÉDITOS / CREDITS

Concepto: anjuel y na_th_an
Programa: na_th_an
Gráficos: na_th_an
Música: Davidian.
Niveles / Levels: Davidian, na_th_an, zemman y anjuel
Portada: Ferry Hardest

Powered by NESLIB by Shiru

Dedicado a / Dedicated to: Led Baratas y Surfer Umol.

© The Mojon Twins

https://github.com/mojontwins/SuperUwol_NES
http://www.mojontwins.com/juegos_mojonos/super-uwol-nes/
http://www.mojontwins.com/licencia-mt/


Licencia
A continuación os indicamos a qué tenéis que ateneros al usar MK2 o cualquiera de nuestros engines (salvo MK1/La Churrera – Para la licencia de este producto consultar su página http://www.mojontwins.com/juegos_mojonos/la-churrera/) o códigos fuentes, o al utilizar gráficos, ideas, argumentos, personajes, músicas, sonidos, ilustraciones, etc… es decir: TODA NUESTRA OBRA CREATIVA. Gracias a nuestro amigo Marco Fernández por la traducción al inglés.

Todo el contenido de la web, toda nuestra obra creativa, incluido el código fuente está bajo licencia Creative Commons 3.0 “by-nc-ca”, o sea, “Reconocimiento-NoComercial-CompartirIgual 3.0 Unported (CC BY-NC-SA 3.0)”

http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/

http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/deed.es_ES

Esto significa que eres libre de:

– Copiar, distribuir y comunicar públicamente la obra.
– Transformar la obra.
– Crear productos derivados de la obra.

Bajo las siguientes condiciones:

Reconocimiento — Debes reconocer los créditos de la obra de la manera especificada por los Mojon Twins (pero no de una manera que sugiera que tiene su apoyo o apoyan el uso que hace de su obra). En este caso, sólo te pedimos que incluyas el texto “Powered by La Churrera” o “Powered by MK2” (según aplique) o incluyas el logo que incluimos en el archivo logo.png en la pantalla de carga y la portada del güego.

No comercial — No puede utilizar esta obra para fines comerciales.

Compartir bajo la misma licencia — Si altera o transforma esta obra, o genera una obra derivada, sólo puede distribuir la obra generada bajo una licencia idéntica a ésta.

Entendiendo que:

Renuncia — Alguna de estas condiciones puede no aplicarse si se obtiene el permiso explícito de los Mojon Twins.

Aviso — Al reutilizar o distribuir la obra, tiene que dejar bien claro los términos de la licencia de esta obra.

En resumen

– Los güegos que hagan deben lanzarse bajo una licencia CC equivalente. Si quieres lanzar los güegos bajo otro tipo de licencia, debes hablar con nosotros y pedir permiso. Esto incluye especialmente la elaboración de copias físicas (ver más abajo).

– Debes incluir “Powered by la Churrera” o “Powered by MK2” o “Powered by NOMBRE-DEL-ENGINE” según aplique, o el logo correspondiente en pantalla de carga y portada. No te cuesta ningún trabajo y nos beneficiamos todos.

Sobre las copias físicas

– Copias físicas privadas: Puedes grabar un juego en una cinta, cd, dvd, disquete o cartucho para tu disfrute propio.
– Copias físicas promocionales: Puedes grabar un juego en una cinta, cd, dvd, disquete o cartucho y regalarlo a tus amigos corriendo tú personalmente con todos los gastos.
– Copias físicas para vender (incluye recompensas en crowdfundings y cualquier otra actividad que implique un intercambio económico): Depende del producto pero, en cualquier caso, lo mejor es preguntar.
License

You must observe the terms below when using MK2 or any of our engines or source code (save for MK1/la Churrera; read more at http://www.mojontwins.com/juegos_mojonos/la-churrera-english/ ), or when using our graphics, ideas, storylines, characters, music, sounds, illustrations, etc., i.e. ANY OF OUR CREATIVE WORK

All the content on this site, and all of our creative work, including source code, are licensed under Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported (CC BY-NC-SA 3.0.)

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/

This means you can freely:

– Copy, distribute and transmit our work.
– Transform our work.
– Create products derived from our work.

You may do so under the following terms:

Attribution — You must attribute the work in the manner specified by the Mojón Twins (but not in any way that suggests that they endorse you or your use of the work.) In this case, we only ask that you include the text “Powered by La Churrera” or “Powered by MK2” (as applicable) or that you include the logo included in the file logo.png in the game’s loading screen and cover art.

NonCommercial — You may not use this material for commercial purposes.

Share Alike — If you alter or transform this work, or generate any work derived from it, you can only distribute your derived work under a license identical to this one.

Understanding that:

Disclaimer — Some of these conditions may not be applicable if you obtain explicit permission from the Mojón Twins.

Notice — When reusing or distributing the work, you need to clearly specify the terms in its license.

In a nutshell

– The games you make must be released under an equivalent CC license. If you want to release your games under a different kind of license, you must contact us to get permission. This applies specially to the manufacturing of physical copies (see below.)

– You must include “Powered by la Churrera” or “Powered by MK2” or “Powered by ENGINE-NAME” as applicable, or the corresponding logo on the loading screen and cover art. This is easy for you, and will benefit all of us.

About physical copies

– Private physical copies: You may record a game on tape, CD, DVD, floppy disk or cartridge for your own personal use.
– Promotional physical copies: You may record a game on tape, CD, DVD, floppy disk or cartridge to give away to your friends paying for all expenses yourself.
– Physical copies for sale (including crowdfunding rewards and any activity involving economic transactions): It depends on the product, but in any case, the best practice is always give us a shout and ask.